# Python_Programs

1. Basic programs 1
2. Basic programs	2	
3. Basic programs	3	
4. Introduction :
* To Anaconda and Jupyter notebook
* To NumPy and Pandas		
5. Operations :
* Write a program to compute distance between two points taking input from the user (Pythagorean Theorem)
* Write a program add.py that takes 2 numbers as command line arguments and prints its sum.		
6. Control Flow :
* Write a Program for checking whether the given number is a even number or not.
* Using a for loop, write a program that prints out the decimal equivalents of 1/2, 1/3, 1/4, . . . ,1/10
* Write a program using for loop that loops over a sequence. What is sequence?
* Write a program using a while loop that asks the user for a number, and prints a countdown from that number to zero.		
7. Control Flow – Continued :
* Find the sum of all the primes below two million.
Each new term in the Fibonacci sequence is generated by adding the previous two terms. By starting with 1 and 2, the first 10 terms will be: 1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13, 21, 34, 55, 89, ...
* By considering the terms in the Fibonacci sequence whose values do not exceed four million, find the sum of the even-valued terms.		
8. Data Structures :
* Write a program to count the numbers of characters in the string and store them in a dictionary data structure
* Write a program to use split and join methods in the string and trace a birthday with a dictionary data structure.
* Write a program combine lists that combines these lists into a dictionary.
* Write a program to count frequency of characters in a given file. Can you use character frequency to tell whether the given file is a Python program file, C program file or a text file?		
9. Files :
* Write a program to print each line of a file in reverse order.
* Write a program to compute the number of characters, words and lines in a file.		
10. Functions :
* Write a function ball_collide that takes two balls as parameters and computes if they are colliding. Your function should return a Boolean representing whether or not the balls are colliding.
* Write a function to find mean, median, mode for the given set of numbers in a list.		
11. Functions – Continued :
* Write a function nearly equal to test whether two strings are nearly equal. Two strings a and b are nearly equal when a can be generated by a single mutation on b.
* Write a function dup to find all duplicates in the list.
* Write a function unique to find all the unique elements of a list.		
12. Functions - Problem Solving :
* Write a function cumulative_product to compute cumulative product of a list of numbers.
* Write a function reverse to reverse a list. Without using the reverse function.
* Write function to compute gcd, lcm of two numbers. Each function shouldn’t exceed one line.		
13. Multi-D Lists :
* Write a program that defines a matrix and prints
* Write a program to perform addition of two square matrices
* Write a program to perform multiplication of two square matrices		
14. OOP :
Class variables and instance variable and illustration of the self - variable
* Robot
* ATM Machine		
15. GUI , Graphics :
* Write a GUI for an Expression Calculator using tk.
* Write a program to implement the following figures using turtle. 		
16. Search and Sorting :
* To write a Python Program to perform Linear Search.
* To write a Python Program to perform Binary search.
* To write a Python Program to perform Selection sort.
* To write a Python Program to perform Insertion sort.
* To write a Python Program to perform Merge sort.		
